_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am currently a first-year CS Ph.D. student (Aug.2025-) at [University of Illinois Chicago (UIC)](https://www.uic.edu/), fortunately supervised by Prof. [Lu Cheng](https://lcheng.org/). Previously, I received my master's degrees from Southeast University and Monash University (Double degree program), advised by Prof. [Guilin Qi](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=1gw3LJQAAAAJ&hl=en). I also received my Bachelor's degree from Hefei University in June 2022. Additionally, I worked as a research intern under the guidance of Prof. [Chenyu You](https://chenyuyou.me/) at Stony Brook University in 2024.

My research interests lie at:

* Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
* LLMs with heterogeneous data (text, graphs and tables)
* Trustworthy ML: Uncertainty Quantification.


## 🎉 News

08-2025: Moved to Chicago 🇺🇸.

05-2025: Served as a reviewer for EMNLP-2025.

02-2025: Served as a reviewer for ACL-2025.

01-2025: One paper ([UniHGKR](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.20163)) was accepted by NAACL (Main) 2025, Oral Paper, with the highest meta-review score of 5! [[📦 Code]](https://github.com/ZhishanQ/UniHGKR), [[🤗 Models & Datasets]](https://huggingface.co/collections/ZhishanQ/unihgkr-6846b60973fa75b04681a388).

12-2024: One paper was accepted by AAAI 2025!

## 🎓 Education

University of Illinois Chicago , Ph.D. , *08/2025 - present*

Southeast University , M.S. , *09/2022 - 2025.06*

Monash University , M.S. , *09/2022 - 2025.06*

Hefei University , B.S. ,  *09/2017 - 06/2022*

## 📝 Publications and Preprints
(* Refers to the authors having the equal contribution, and should be considered as co-first authors.)


* **Dehai Min**, Zhiyang Xu, Guilin Qi, Lifu Huang, and Chenyu You. [UniHGKR: Unified Instruction-aware Heterogeneous Knowledge Retrievers](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.20163) (NAACL 2025, Oral), [[📦 Code]](https://github.com/ZhishanQ/UniHGKR), [[🤗 Models & Datasets]](https://huggingface.co/collections/ZhishanQ/unihgkr-6846b60973fa75b04681a388).


* **Dehai Min**\*, Nan Hu\*, Rihui Jin, Nuo Lin, Jiaoyan Chen, Yongrui Chen, Yu Li et al. [Exploring the Impact of Table-to-Text Methods on Augmenting LLM-based Question Answering with Domain Hybrid Data](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.12869) (NAACL 2024, Industry Track paper, Oral), [Slides](https://zhishanq.github.io/files/Oral_for_NAACL_2024.pdf).


* Yiming Tan\*, **Dehai Min**\*, Yu Li, Wenbo Li, Nan Hu, Yongrui Chen, and Guilin Qi. [Can ChatGPT replace traditional KBQA models? An in-depth analysis of the question answering performance of the GPT LLM family](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-031-47240-4_19) (ISWC 2023, Oral), [[📦 Code]](https://github.com/tan92hl/Complex-Question-Answering-Evaluation-of-GPT-family) ,[Slides](https://zhishanq.github.io/files/ISWC2023-oral_new.pdf)

* Nan Hu, Yike Wu, Guilin Qi, **Dehai Min**, Jiaoyan Chen, Jeff Z. Pan, and Zafar Ali. [An empirical study of pre-trained language models in simple knowledge graph question answering](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11280-023-01166-y) (WWW Journal 2023) , [[📦 Code]](https://github.com/HuuuNan/PLMs-in-Practical-KBQA)

* Jiaqi Li, Chuanyi Zhang, Miaozeng Du, **Dehai Min**, Yongrui Chen, and Guilin Qi. [Three stream based multi-level event contrastive learning for text-video event extraction](https://aclanthology.org/2023.emnlp-main.103/) (EMNLP 2023, Oral) , [Slides](https://zhishanq.github.io/files/EMNLP_2023_oral.pdf).

* Yu Li, Shenyu Zhang, Rui Wu, Xiutian Huang, Yongrui Chen, Wenhao Xu, Guilin Qi, and **Dehai Min**. [MATEval: A Multi-Agent Discussion Framework for Advancing Open-Ended Text Evaluation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.19305) (DASFAA 2024, Oral)

* Rihui Jin, Yu Li, Guilin Qi, Nan Hu, Yuan-Fang Li, Jiaoyan Chen, Jianan Wang, Yongrui Chen,
**Dehai Min** and Sheng Bi. [HeGTa: Leveraging Heterogeneous Graph-enhanced Large Language Models for Few-shot Complex Table Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.19723) (AAAI 2025).



## 🧑‍🏫 Internship
Stony Brook University , *07/2024 - 11/2024*

* Research Intern , Advisor: [Chenyu You](https://chenyuyou.me/index.html)

## 👨‍💻 Academic services

* Reviewer of ACL-2025, EMNLP-2025

* Reviewer of IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems (TNNLS)

* Subreviewer of the International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC 2024)

## 🏅 Competitions
( I was an active participant in programming competitions during my undergraduate years. )

* **ACM-ICPC** (International Collegiate Programming Contest) , Asian Regional Contest (Shanghai Site and others), 2019-2020, **2 times Silver Medal**. [individual](https://zhishanq.github.io/images/ICPC_Individual.pdf) / [team](https://zhishanq.github.io/images/ICPC_Team.pdf)
* CCPC-Finals (China Collegiate Programming Contest National Finals), 2019, **21st place, Silver Medal**
* 16th Baidu Star Programming Contest, National Semi-Finals, 2019, **154th place (154/13900+)**
* Anhui Province Collegiate Programming Contest, **First Prize (2 times, 2019, 2020), Champion🏆 (1 time, 2020)**
* Codeforces Rating: **2108 (Master)**, [link](https://codeforces.com/profile/QieziMin)

Commit message:

Commit 1: Add news items for IEEE TNNLS Outstanding Reviewer award and new MVI-Bench paper; add certificate PDF

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am currently a first-year CS Ph.D. student (Aug.2025-) at [University of Illinois Chicago (UIC)](https://www.uic.edu/), fortunately supervised by Prof. [Lu Cheng](https://lcheng.org/). Previously, I received my master's degrees from Southeast University and Monash University (Double degree program), advised by Prof. [Guilin Qi](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=1gw3LJQAAAAJ&hl=en). I also received my Bachelor's degree from Hefei University in June 2022. Additionally, I worked as a research intern under the guidance of Prof. [Chenyu You](https://chenyuyou.me/) at Stony Brook University in 2024.

My research interests lie at:

* Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)
* LLMs with heterogeneous data (text, graphs and tables)
* Trustworthy ML: Uncertainty Quantification.


## 🎉 News

12-2025: selected as an “Outstanding Reviewer of 2024–2025” for IEEE TNNLS! [[📦 Certificate]](https://zhishanq.github.io/files/TNNLS_Outstanding_reviewer_Dehai_Min.pdf).

12-2025: Our new paper was released: MVI-Bench: A Comprehensive Benchmark for Evaluating Robustness to Misleading Visual Inputs in LVLMs, [📖preprint](https://arxiv.org/abs/2511.14159), [[📦 Code]](https://github.com/chenyil6/MVI-Bench).

08-2025: Moved to Chicago 🇺🇸.

05-2025: Served as a reviewer for EMNLP-2025.

02-2025: Served as a reviewer for ACL-2025.

01-2025: One paper ([UniHGKR](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.20163)) was accepted by NAACL (Main) 2025, Oral Paper, with the highest meta-review score of 5! [[📦 Code]](https://github.com/ZhishanQ/UniHGKR), [[🤗 Models & Datasets]](https://huggingface.co/collections/ZhishanQ/unihgkr-6846b60973fa75b04681a388).

12-2024: One paper was accepted by AAAI 2025!

## 🎓 Education

University of Illinois Chicago , Ph.D. , *08/2025 - present*

Southeast University , M.S. , *09/2022 - 2025.06*

Monash University , M.S. , *09/2022 - 2025.06*

Hefei University , B.S. ,  *09/2017 - 06/2022*

## 📝 Publications and Preprints
(* Refers to the authors having the equal contribution, and should be considered as co-first authors.)


* **Dehai Min**, Zhiyang Xu, Guilin Qi, Lifu Huang, and Chenyu You. [UniHGKR: Unified Instruction-aware Heterogeneous Knowledge Retrievers](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.20163) (NAACL 2025, Oral), [[📦 Code]](https://github.com/ZhishanQ/UniHGKR), [[🤗 Models & Datasets]](https://huggingface.co/collections/ZhishanQ/unihgkr-6846b60973fa75b04681a388).


* **Dehai Min**\*, Nan Hu\*, Rihui Jin, Nuo Lin, Jiaoyan Chen, Yongrui Chen, Yu Li et al. [Exploring the Impact of Table-to-Text Methods on Augmenting LLM-based Question Answering with Domain Hybrid Data](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.12869) (NAACL 2024, Industry Track paper, Oral), [Slides](https://zhishanq.github.io/files/Oral_for_NAACL_2024.pdf).


* Yiming Tan\*, **Dehai Min**\*, Yu Li, Wenbo Li, Nan Hu, Yongrui Chen, and Guilin Qi. [Can ChatGPT replace traditional KBQA models? An in-depth analysis of the question answering performance of the GPT LLM family](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-031-47240-4_19) (ISWC 2023, Oral), [[📦 Code]](https://github.com/tan92hl/Complex-Question-Answering-Evaluation-of-GPT-family) ,[Slides](https://zhishanq.github.io/files/ISWC2023-oral_new.pdf)

* Nan Hu, Yike Wu, Guilin Qi, **Dehai Min**, Jiaoyan Chen, Jeff Z. Pan, and Zafar Ali. [An empirical study of pre-trained language models in simple knowledge graph question answering](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11280-023-01166-y) (WWW Journal 2023) , [[📦 Code]](https://github.com/HuuuNan/PLMs-in-Practical-KBQA)

* Jiaqi Li, Chuanyi Zhang, Miaozeng Du, **Dehai Min**, Yongrui Chen, and Guilin Qi. [Three stream based multi-level event contrastive learning for text-video event extraction](https://aclanthology.org/2023.emnlp-main.103/) (EMNLP 2023, Oral) , [Slides](https://zhishanq.github.io/files/EMNLP_2023_oral.pdf).

* Yu Li, Shenyu Zhang, Rui Wu, Xiutian Huang, Yongrui Chen, Wenhao Xu, Guilin Qi, and **Dehai Min**. [MATEval: A Multi-Agent Discussion Framework for Advancing Open-Ended Text Evaluation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.19305) (DASFAA 2024, Oral)

* Rihui Jin, Yu Li, Guilin Qi, Nan Hu, Yuan-Fang Li, Jiaoyan Chen, Jianan Wang, Yongrui Chen,
**Dehai Min** and Sheng Bi. [HeGTa: Leveraging Heterogeneous Graph-enhanced Large Language Models for Few-shot Complex Table Understanding](https://arxiv.org/abs/2403.19723) (AAAI 2025).



## 🧑‍🏫 Internship
Stony Brook University , *07/2024 - 11/2024*

* Research Intern , Advisor: [Chenyu You](https://chenyuyou.me/index.html)

## 👨‍💻 Academic services

* Reviewer of ACL-2025, EMNLP-2025

* Reviewer of IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems (TNNLS)

* Subreviewer of the International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC 2024)

## 🏅 Competitions
( I was an active participant in programming competitions during my undergraduate years. )

* **ACM-ICPC** (International Collegiate Programming Contest) , Asian Regional Contest (Shanghai Site and others), 2019-2020, **2 times Silver Medal**. [individual](https://zhishanq.github.io/images/ICPC_Individual.pdf) / [team](https://zhishanq.github.io/images/ICPC_Team.pdf)
* CCPC-Finals (China Collegiate Programming Contest National Finals), 2019, **21st place, Silver Medal**
* 16th Baidu Star Programming Contest, National Semi-Finals, 2019, **154th place (154/13900+)**
* Anhui Province Collegiate Programming Contest, **First Prize (2 times, 2019, 2020), Champion🏆 (1 time, 2020)**
* Codeforces Rating: **2108 (Master)**, [link](https://codeforces.com/profile/QieziMin)
